specs/003-specs-001-web/tasks.md, before:

# Tasks: Minimal Cloudflare Worker API Revival

**Input**: Design documents from `/specs/003-specs-001-web/`
**Prerequisites**: plan.md, research.md, data-model.md, contracts/, quickstart.md

## Phase 3.1: Setup & Pruning
- [x] T001 Prune repository to allowlist by deleting legacy assets (`docs/`, `specs/002-*`, `specs/003-web-cloudflare-cloudflare`, `frontend/src/pages/legacy`, `tests/performance`, `tests/integration/legacy`, unused Dockerfiles) and update `.gitignore` accordingly.
- [x] T002 Update `backend/package.json` (and associated config files) for Node.js 22 LTS + npm 10, remove unused dependencies, and ensure scripts include `dev:worker`, `test:contract`, `db:seed`.
- [x] T003 [P] Update `frontend/package.json` to Node.js 22 LTS, trim dependencies to the minimal Vite React surface, and refresh scripts (`dev`, `build`, `preview`).
- [x] T004 Create `.nvmrc` (Node 22 LTS) at repo root and refresh `README.md` prerequisites and quickstart summary to match the trimmed workflow.

## Phase 3.2: Tests First (TDD)
- [x] T005 [P] Create failing auth contract suite in `backend/tests/contract/auth.contract.test.ts` (covers `/auth/twitter`, `/auth/callback`, `/auth/logout`).
- [x] T006 [P] Create failing user contract suite in `backend/tests/contract/users.contract.test.ts` (covers `/users/me`).
- [x] T007 [P] Create failing tag contract suite in `backend/tests/contract/tags.contract.test.ts` (covers list/create/detail/update/delete/associations flows).
- [x] T008 [P] Create failing log contract suite in `backend/tests/contract/logs.contract.test.ts` (covers list/create/detail/update/delete/share flows).
- [x] T009 [P] Add integration test `backend/tests/integration/log_share.flow.test.ts` walking seeded user through log creation, tag association, and share response.
- [x] T010 [P] Add frontend smoke test `frontend/tests/smoke/log_list.spec.ts` (Playwright or Vitest + jsdom) validating log list, filtering, and share action wiring.

## Phase 3.3: Data Model & Persistence (ONLY after tests fail)
- [x] T011 [P] Align `backend/src/models/User.ts` with minimal fields and validation derived from data-model blueprint.
- [x] T012 [P] Align `backend/src/models/Session.ts` with token expiry handling for Worker cookies.
- [x] T013 [P] Align `backend/src/models/Tag.ts` including metadata JSON typing and timestamps.
- [x] T014 [P] Align `backend/src/models/TagAssociation.ts` enforcing self-association guard.
- [x] T015 [P] Align `backend/src/models/Log.ts` including markdown limits and public visibility flag.
- [x] T016 [P] Align `backend/src/models/LogTagAssociation.ts` for log↔tag join management.
- [x] T017 Update `backend/src/db/schema.sql.ts` and `backend/migrations/0001_initial_schema.sql` to match the pared-down D1 schema (users, sessions, tags, tag_associations, logs, log_tag_associations, helper views).
- [x] T018 Refresh `backend/src/db/seeds.sql.ts` and `backend/src/db/init-dev.sql` with the deterministic fixtures referenced by tests/quickstart.

## Phase 3.4: Services & Middleware
- [x] T019 Implement minimal session utilities in `backend/src/services/SessionService.ts` (issue, validate, revoke tokens via D1).
- [x] T020 Implement user access helpers in `backend/src/services/UserService.ts` (profile fetch, create-if-missing during OAuth callback).
- [x] T021 Implement tag helpers in `backend/src/services/TagService.ts` (CRUD + association helpers backed by D1 queries).
- [x] T022 Implement log helpers in `backend/src/services/LogService.ts` (CRUD, share preconditions, public listing filters).
- [x] T023 Stub Twitter posting logic in `backend/src/services/TwitterService.ts` for local logging while preserving interface for `/logs/{id}/share`.
- [x] T024 Update `backend/src/middleware/auth.ts` and `backend/src/middleware/security.ts` for session cookie parsing, CSRF basics, and security headers consistent with Workers.

## Phase 3.5: API Routes & Server Wiring
- [x] T025 Implement Hono auth routes in `backend/src/routes/auth.ts` using session + Twitter service stubs.
- [x] T026 Implement user profile route in `backend/src/routes/users.ts` with session guard.
- [x] T027 Implement tag routes in `backend/src/routes/tags.ts` (list/search, CRUD, associations) using tag service helpers.
- [x] T028 Implement log routes in `backend/src/routes/logs.ts` (public listing, CRUD, share) using log service helpers and ensuring ownership checks. *Completed and aligned with FR-007; public log contract suite passing 2025-09-27.*
- [x] T029 Update `backend/src/server.ts` (and `backend/src/index.ts`) to register middleware, mount route groups, and expose `/health` + `/dev` utilities per simplified stack. *Completed with short-circuited `/dev/reload`; dev contract suite passing 2025-09-27.*
- [x] T030 Refresh Wrangler config in `backend/wrangler.toml` and associated environment declarations to bind local D1 database and set Worker entry point. *Updated local dev bindings, vars, and dev persistence 2025-09-27.*

## Phase 3.6: Frontend Minimal UI
- [x] T031 Build trimmed React entry (`frontend/src/main.tsx`, `frontend/src/App.tsx`, optional component files) that lists logs, filters by tag, and triggers share action with optimistic UI feedback. *Implemented smoke-test-driven UI 2025-09-27.*
- [ ] T032 Create `frontend/src/services/api.ts` (or equivalent hook) encapsulating Worker API calls and error handling aligned with contract responses.
- [ ] T033 Update `frontend/vite.config.ts` and `frontend/.env.example` (if needed) to proxy API requests to `http://localhost:8787/api` during development.

## Phase 3.7: Validation & Polish
- [ ] T034 Update `README.md` quickstart section with the final Node 22 workflow, D1 commands, frontend steps, and test verification checklist.
- [ ] T035 [P] Document Worker/D1 operations in `docs/docker-development.md` or new `docs/local-worker.md`, focusing on offline migration + seed process.
- [ ] T036 [P] Add npm scripts or task runner entries to simplify `wrangler d1 migrations apply` and `wrangler d1 execute` in `backend/package.json`.
- [ ] T037 [P] Implement lint configuration or formatting adjustments (ESLint/Prettier) consistent with reduced stack and ensure `npm run lint` succeeds.
- [ ] T038 Execute quickstart validation (install, migrate, seed, run dev servers, run contract tests) and record results in `docs/local-testing-report.md`.

## Dependencies
- T001 → T002 → T004 (repository must be pruned before docs/scripts updates).
- T002 blocks T005-T038 (backend deps must reflect Node 22 before test scaffolds).
- T003 blocks T010, T031-T033.
- Tests T005-T010 must exist (and fail) before data model/services/routes implementation (T011-T029).
- Model tasks T011-T018 unblock service tasks T019-T024, which in turn unblock route tasks T025-T028.
- Server wiring T029-T030 depends on routes and middleware (T024-T028).
- Frontend tasks T031-T033 depend on backend API availability (T025-T028) and frontend package setup (T003).
- Polish tasks T034-T038 occur after implementation and tests are passing.

## Parallel Execution Example
```
# After completing setup (T001-T004) and ensuring tests run, execute these in parallel:
Task: "T005 Create failing auth contract suite in backend/tests/contract/auth.contract.test.ts"
Task: "T006 Create failing user contract suite in backend/tests/contract/users.contract.test.ts"
Task: "T007 Create failing tag contract suite in backend/tests/contract/tags.contract.test.ts"
Task: "T008 Create failing log contract suite in backend/tests/contract/logs.contract.test.ts"
Task: "T009 Add integration test backend/tests/integration/log_share.flow.test.ts"
Task: "T010 Add frontend smoke test frontend/tests/smoke/log_list.spec.ts"
```

## Notes
- Tasks marked [P] touch distinct files and can run concurrently once prerequisites are satisfied.
- Ensure contract and integration tests fail before implementing corresponding services/routes.
- Update documentation and scripts only after verifying the minimal workflow works end-to-end.
- Commit after each task to maintain clear history and cost-awareness per constitution guidelines.
- Clarifications on 2025-09-27 added FR-006/FR-007: ensure endpoints intended for the minimal revival can serve the public contract without authentication and persist via Cloudflare D1.

Commit message:

feat(frontend): complete T032 T033 API client and proxy

specs/003-specs-001-web/tasks.md, after:

# Tasks: Minimal Cloudflare Worker API Revival

**Input**: Design documents from `/specs/003-specs-001-web/`
**Prerequisites**: plan.md, research.md, data-model.md, contracts/, quickstart.md

## Phase 3.1: Setup & Pruning
- [x] T001 Prune repository to allowlist by deleting legacy assets (`docs/`, `specs/002-*`, `specs/003-web-cloudflare-cloudflare`, `frontend/src/pages/legacy`, `tests/performance`, `tests/integration/legacy`, unused Dockerfiles) and update `.gitignore` accordingly.
- [x] T002 Update `backend/package.json` (and associated config files) for Node.js 22 LTS + npm 10, remove unused dependencies, and ensure scripts include `dev:worker`, `test:contract`, `db:seed`.
- [x] T003 [P] Update `frontend/package.json` to Node.js 22 LTS, trim dependencies to the minimal Vite React surface, and refresh scripts (`dev`, `build`, `preview`).
- [x] T004 Create `.nvmrc` (Node 22 LTS) at repo root and refresh `README.md` prerequisites and quickstart summary to match the trimmed workflow.

## Phase 3.2: Tests First (TDD)
- [x] T005 [P] Create failing auth contract suite in `backend/tests/contract/auth.contract.test.ts` (covers `/auth/twitter`, `/auth/callback`, `/auth/logout`).
- [x] T006 [P] Create failing user contract suite in `backend/tests/contract/users.contract.test.ts` (covers `/users/me`).
- [x] T007 [P] Create failing tag contract suite in `backend/tests/contract/tags.contract.test.ts` (covers list/create/detail/update/delete/associations flows).
- [x] T008 [P] Create failing log contract suite in `backend/tests/contract/logs.contract.test.ts` (covers list/create/detail/update/delete/share flows).
- [x] T009 [P] Add integration test `backend/tests/integration/log_share.flow.test.ts` walking seeded user through log creation, tag association, and share response.
- [x] T010 [P] Add frontend smoke test `frontend/tests/smoke/log_list.spec.ts` (Playwright or Vitest + jsdom) validating log list, filtering, and share action wiring.

## Phase 3.3: Data Model & Persistence (ONLY after tests fail)
- [x] T011 [P] Align `backend/src/models/User.ts` with minimal fields and validation derived from data-model blueprint.
- [x] T012 [P] Align `backend/src/models/Session.ts` with token expiry handling for Worker cookies.
- [x] T013 [P] Align `backend/src/models/Tag.ts` including metadata JSON typing and timestamps.
- [x] T014 [P] Align `backend/src/models/TagAssociation.ts` enforcing self-association guard.
- [x] T015 [P] Align `backend/src/models/Log.ts` including markdown limits and public visibility flag.
- [x] T016 [P] Align `backend/src/models/LogTagAssociation.ts` for log↔tag join management.
- [x] T017 Update `backend/src/db/schema.sql.ts` and `backend/migrations/0001_initial_schema.sql` to match the pared-down D1 schema (users, sessions, tags, tag_associations, logs, log_tag_associations, helper views).
- [x] T018 Refresh `backend/src/db/seeds.sql.ts` and `backend/src/db/init-dev.sql` with the deterministic fixtures referenced by tests/quickstart.

## Phase 3.4: Services & Middleware
- [x] T019 Implement minimal session utilities in `backend/src/services/SessionService.ts` (issue, validate, revoke tokens via D1).
- [x] T020 Implement user access helpers in `backend/src/services/UserService.ts` (profile fetch, create-if-missing during OAuth callback).
- [x] T021 Implement tag helpers in `backend/src/services/TagService.ts` (CRUD + association helpers backed by D1 queries).
- [x] T022 Implement log helpers in `backend/src/services/LogService.ts` (CRUD, share preconditions, public listing filters).
- [x] T023 Stub Twitter posting logic in `backend/src/services/TwitterService.ts` for local logging while preserving interface for `/logs/{id}/share`.
- [x] T024 Update `backend/src/middleware/auth.ts` and `backend/src/middleware/security.ts` for session cookie parsing, CSRF basics, and security headers consistent with Workers.

## Phase 3.5: API Routes & Server Wiring
- [x] T025 Implement Hono auth routes in `backend/src/routes/auth.ts` using session + Twitter service stubs.
- [x] T026 Implement user profile route in `backend/src/routes/users.ts` with session guard.
- [x] T027 Implement tag routes in `backend/src/routes/tags.ts` (list/search, CRUD, associations) using tag service helpers.
- [x] T028 Implement log routes in `backend/src/routes/logs.ts` (public listing, CRUD, share) using log service helpers and ensuring ownership checks. *Completed and aligned with FR-007; public log contract suite passing 2025-09-27.*
- [x] T029 Update `backend/src/server.ts` (and `backend/src/index.ts`) to register middleware, mount route groups, and expose `/health` + `/dev` utilities per simplified stack. *Completed with short-circuited `/dev/reload`; dev contract suite passing 2025-09-27.*
- [x] T030 Refresh Wrangler config in `backend/wrangler.toml` and associated environment declarations to bind local D1 database and set Worker entry point. *Updated local dev bindings, vars, and dev persistence 2025-09-27.*

## Phase 3.6: Frontend Minimal UI
- [x] T031 Build trimmed React entry (`frontend/src/main.tsx`, `frontend/src/App.tsx`, optional component files) that lists logs, filters by tag, and triggers share action with optimistic UI feedback. *Implemented smoke-test-driven UI 2025-09-27.*
- [x] T032 Create `frontend/src/services/api.ts` (or equivalent hook) encapsulating Worker API calls and error handling aligned with contract responses. *API client extracted and App.tsx updated 2025-09-27.*
- [x] T033 Update `frontend/vite.config.ts` and `frontend/.env.example` (if needed) to proxy API requests to `http://localhost:8787/api` during development. *Vite proxy modernized with env overrides and sample env file 2025-09-27.*

## Phase 3.7: Validation & Polish
- [ ] T034 Update `README.md` quickstart section with the final Node 22 workflow, D1 commands, frontend steps, and test verification checklist.
- [ ] T035 [P] Document Worker/D1 operations in `docs/docker-development.md` or new `docs/local-worker.md`, focusing on offline migration + seed process.
- [ ] T036 [P] Add npm scripts or task runner entries to simplify `wrangler d1 migrations apply` and `wrangler d1 execute` in `backend/package.json`.
- [ ] T037 [P] Implement lint configuration or formatting adjustments (ESLint/Prettier) consistent with reduced stack and ensure `npm run lint` succeeds.
- [ ] T038 Execute quickstart validation (install, migrate, seed, run dev servers, run contract tests) and record results in `docs/local-testing-report.md`.

## Dependencies
- T001 → T002 → T004 (repository must be pruned before docs/scripts updates).
- T002 blocks T005-T038 (backend deps must reflect Node 22 before test scaffolds).
- T003 blocks T010, T031-T033.
- Tests T005-T010 must exist (and fail) before data model/services/routes implementation (T011-T029).
- Model tasks T011-T018 unblock service tasks T019-T024, which in turn unblock route tasks T025-T028.
- Server wiring T029-T030 depends on routes and middleware (T024-T028).
- Frontend tasks T031-T033 depend on backend API availability (T025-T028) and frontend package setup (T003).
- Polish tasks T034-T038 occur after implementation and tests are passing.

## Parallel Execution Example
```
# After completing setup (T001-T004) and ensuring tests run, execute these in parallel:
Task: "T005 Create failing auth contract suite in backend/tests/contract/auth.contract.test.ts"
Task: "T006 Create failing user contract suite in backend/tests/contract/users.contract.test.ts"
Task: "T007 Create failing tag contract suite in backend/tests/contract/tags.contract.test.ts"
Task: "T008 Create failing log contract suite in backend/tests/contract/logs.contract.test.ts"
Task: "T009 Add integration test backend/tests/integration/log_share.flow.test.ts"
Task: "T010 Add frontend smoke test frontend/tests/smoke/log_list.spec.ts"
```

## Notes
- Tasks marked [P] touch distinct files and can run concurrently once prerequisites are satisfied.
- Ensure contract and integration tests fail before implementing corresponding services/routes.
- Update documentation and scripts only after verifying the minimal workflow works end-to-end.
- Commit after each task to maintain clear history and cost-awareness per constitution guidelines.
- Clarifications on 2025-09-27 added FR-006/FR-007: ensure endpoints intended for the minimal revival can serve the public contract without authentication and persist via Cloudflare D1.
